Airport Surveillance Case-Study Quiz
LATEST SUBMISSION GRADE
100%
1.
Question 1
Identifying suspicious behavior at an airport is a complex problem. In this case study, what was one strategy for decomposing this problem into a smaller, more manageable problem?

1 / 1 point

Design an algorithm that counts how often luggage is left unattended.


Design an algorithm that can differentiate between airport staff and travelers.


Define a specific type of suspicious behavior in quantifiable terms.


Use machine learning to track which parts of the airport is the busiest.

Correct
Correct! In order to solve a complex problem like airport surveillance, it’s helpful to breakdown the problem into something specific and quantifiable.

2.
Question 2
When designing an algorithm that will detect unattended luggage, what kind of information would likely NOT be ​relevant to this problem?

1 / 1 point

The length of time luggage has been left unattended.


Whether a piece of luggage is idle or moving.


The types of clothing people in an airport are wearing.


The distance between attended luggage and its owner.

Correct
Correct! When trying to detect suspicious packages, the clothing of people in the airport is unrelated to whether luggage is unattended or not.

3.
Question 3
Using the following algorithm, what would happen if the luggage in one video frame is not seen in the next frame?


1 / 1 point

The algorithm generates a warning.


No warning is given, and the algorithm checks if there are more objects to categorize in the frame.


The algorithm checks to see if the luggage is accompanied by a human.


 The algorithm checks to see how long the luggage has been moving.

Correct
Correct! The algorithm shows that if an object has been moved the focus should shift to checking other objects.

4.
Question 4
Since computer-based solutions require questions that are specific and quantifiable, which one of the following questions is most appropriate for a computer-based solution?

1 / 1 point

How many people have entered the airport in the past two hours?


What kind of luggage is the most aesthetically pleasing?


Why is flying better than driving a car?


What kind of behavior is suspicious?

Correct
Correct! This question is specific and quantifiable – it is asking about how many people have entered within a specific time frame.

5.
Question 5
What is an algorithm? Choose the best answer:

1 / 1 point

The breaking down of a large, complex problem, into smaller more manageable problem.


The process of identifying patterns that can lead you to a potential solution.


The process of identifying parts of a problem that can be ignored when approaching a problem.


A process or defined set of rules used by a computer for solving an identified problem.

Correct
Correct! Algorithms determine a process or a set of rules that a computer can follow. 