Airport Surveillance Practice Questions Set 1
TOTAL POINTS 4
1.
Question 1
As discussed in the Airport Surveillance case-study, computer-based solutions require questions that are specific and quantifiable. Based on these criteria, which of the following questions is most appropriate for a computer-based solution?

1 / 1 point

How can I monitor suspicious behavior?


How do I distinguish between luggage that is moving, and luggage that is stationary? 


How can I identify potentially dangerous luggage?


All of the above could be solved by a computer.

Correct
Correct! Identifying whether or not luggage is moving is a specific and quantifiable question that a computer can solve. 

2.
Question 2
True or False: Asking a computer to monitor “suspicious behavior” is a specific and quantifiable problem that is suitable for a computer-based solution.

1 / 1 point

True


False

Correct
Correct! Monitoring suspicious behavior is too broad and subjective for a computer-based solution. It must be decomposed and refined to be solvable. 

3.
Question 3
Decomposition consists of various layers of breaking down a problem. Consider managing security at a crowded public event. How would you decompose the task of identifying suspicious behavior at a concert? In other words, which of the following are possible sub-pieces of this problem? (Select all that apply).

1 / 1 point

Identify what song is being played at the concert.


Identify suspicious packages left unattended and idle.

Correct
Correct! Unattended packages at a concert are not necessarily problematic, but they can be termed as suspicious and flagged for further investigation.


Identify concert-goers who are consistently not paying attention to the musician.

Correct
Correct! People planning an attack or crime are not there to enjoy the music, so they may be paying more attention to other things and people.


Identify what color shirts people are wearing at the concert.


Identify possible weapons carried by concert-goers.

Correct
Correct! Carrying a weapon in a crowded event is suspicious and something for security officers to be aware of.

4.
Question 4
Consider how you would further break down the task of “identifying possible weapons carried by concert-goers.” To help with this problem, you have at your disposal surveillance video from multiple angles, handheld metal detectors, and bag x-ray scanners at the venue entrances. Which of the following are possible pieces of information you will likely need to carry out the task? (Select all that apply).

1 / 1 point

What different kinds of weapons sound like.


The value (price) of different kinds of weapons.


Common ways of holding handheld weapons. 

Correct
Correct! Knowing how people carry weapons on their bodies is helpful when scanning with a handheld metal detector or analyzing surveillance videos.


The shapes of different kinds of weapons.

Correct
Correct! Knowing the shapes of weapons is important both when looking through an x-ray scanner and when using computers to analyze surveillance videos.


What material weapons are often made of.

Correct
Correct! Knowing the types of materials to look out for in an x-ray scanner is important for finding potential weapons in people’s bags.